So let's not waste any of our time.
Let's head over to styles reassess and start styling.
And our first concern is going to be this image because again we are using the image correct.
So we have a source for images.
That's our logo.
And then since I would like to apply for all my images to have with hundred and then display a block
Well that's the reason why it looks this way.
And there's multiple ways how we can do that.
But one of the need ways how we can in fact fix it is by using not selector.
So how does that work.
Well I can just head over to my AMG where I'm selecting all the images and then let's type colon knot
and then within the parentheses we just need to type well which element should be excluded.
And what I'm looking for is nav logo.
Now why I'm looking for that political class because that is the class that I set up for this image.
If your value is different please type 1.
Now at the moment we're going to save it.
In fact our logo is going to be exactly how I set it up within my images.
Because within the logo I squeegee as you see I have the width of 175 and the height in fact is 30 and
previously 100 percent for the very simple reason because I was targeting all the images.
Now I would still like to keep all the images because that's very neat where for each and every time
I'm adding the image I don't have to worry about it.
OK but in this particular case I would like to exclude it.
That's number one.
Then let's actually scroll down.
Where is our number.
And of course I could have used that also the finder but in this case I just decided to scroll.
And then why don't we first check it out.
As far as our initial setup.
So before we're going to set it up a fixed number that is eventually her goal because you're going to
notice eventually once we set up our JavaScript in fact our NAV bar is going to be fixed as we start
scrolling.
Now before that in fact we are going to use whatever background color we do have for our whole project
because remember we said the body with this off white.
And in fact I didn't change it.
All right.
Now technically if you don't like the color you can do something like this nav bar and background of
red right.
But I just left it the way it is now I'm going to comment this out just so you can remember maybe you're
going to use it later on but I just went with the same color that I have for the body.
That's number one that I would like to mention that right away on a small screen size.
I wouldn't want to display these social media icons.
So the first rule we're going to write is in fact nav icons display of none because I don't want to
show them.
So let's write a display of none.
That's it icons are gone.
And then let's start focusing on the header.
And like I said my header is the logo as well as this little button that later on is going to be used
for my toggling when we set up our javascript.
So let's say like this Let's say now I've had her then four and I have her first of all I would like
to have some padding top bottom one our arms to our arms on the sides like.
So then why don't we set up display flex some display flex.
So now they're displayed as a flex box.
Why don't we add justified content because I would like to again push them as far as possible from each
other space between like so.
But I would also like to align my button in the center in the center on this logo.
So why don't we say a line items and center like so.
So now my button is sitting in the center.
Then let's start working with my button.
And remember we had a class of nof toggle now for enough toggle why don't we go with background of transparent
where my button then border non border non outline on line non like so and then font size is going to
be increased to one point five.
Ari Ms kept color.
We're going to have it as a primary color.
So my var primary color and then cursor pointer as we're hovering we're going to have our cursor as
a pointer.
And lastly there's going to be a main transition because what I would like to do as I'm hovering over
the icon I would want to scale it little bit.
So remember we had a transition property and then we could use the value of main transition so main
transition.
And lastly like I said as we're hovering as we do nav toggle hover I would just like to make my button
a bit bigger.
So why don't we write transform scale one point two.
And then once we add the scale notice when we're going to hover our button is gonna get bigger.
Now I would also like to work with nav links so all the guys over here so have home about services and
featured and gallery and all that.
So let's target them one by one by saying nav link and then as far as my links I would want to display
them.
BLOCK So display them as a block.
Now they're in fact stacked one on top of each other.
Why don't we add also right away some padding.
So one RTM is going to be Tom bottom and then two or three M's on the side.
And if you noticed I was using the same two arms for my header and that's the reason why I set up for
left and right.
Also my lab link padding then color.
I'm gonna go with main black so main block is going to be my color text transform I'm going gonna set
it up as capitalized and in this case as you see I added a colon or I'm sorry not a colon I added a
quotation mark.
So now I fix that so textures from capitalized font.
Wait why don't we use it as bold and line letter spacing.
We're gonna have our main spacing mains pacing like so.
And last but not least as I'm hovering I would like to have few effects.
And let me show you what I mean.
So as I'm hovering I would like to change the background color for my link.
I would like to change the color and I would like to add a little bit of padding on the left hand side.
So I have this effect of LINQ actually moving to the right now.
So we have our property for that and the properties transition where I would like to have all these
changes happening over time.
So I just go with main transition and then now let's set up our hover links.
Let's say nav link however and once we set up this hover I would like to do a color of primary color.
Primary Color then background of dark gray background dark gray like so.
And then last but not least padding is going to be a little bit darker.
So if I currently have my padding as you are Iams since I would like to move my text to the right when
I use 2.5 Miriam's like so so notice what happens as I'm hovering.
Well actually added padding all around I should add padding left.
This is gonna be better.
As you see as I'm hovering now I have my legs.
Okay.
And that should do it in fact for our small screen nav bar layout.
So next video I would like to cover how we're gonna set up our C assess once we get to a bigger screen
size.